---
layout: post
title: DJI Revealed Latest Flagship Agriculture Drone
date: 2020-11-13
published: true
---

The DJI Agricultural New Product Launch Conference held in Shenzhen on November 9th is the largest launch event for the global drone leader this year. It attracts many farmers besides media partners. The newly released products did not disappoint people. In terms of architecture and functions, the large UAV T30 and the light T10 are breakthrough innovations.

<!-- more -->

The flagship plant protection drone T30 made its debut. It is positioned as the new flagship of digital agriculture and is undoubtedly the most powerful plant protection machine on the market. It's super efficient in three aspects:

* The load weight factor is 46%.
* High-speed broadcasting, the flow can reach 8L/min. The new plunger pump is small in size, light in weight and doubled in power density.
* The spray width of 9 meters, 16 nozzle layouts, 8 sets of solenoid valves support variable frequency spray, and can link the spray volume and flight speed in real time.

These make it higher efficiency than previous generations of drones. According to DJI's actual measurement, the spray distance is 9 meters and the flight speed is 6.5 m/s. The pesticide sprayed by the plane can reach 240 mu of land per hour.


The most complicated thing for agriculture drone is the flight control operation of the fruit tree. It is usually difficult for the liquid medicine to penetrate the back of the lower leaves of the fruit tree. So far, DJI's own T20 pesticide spraying efficiency is the highest. But T30 is revolutionarily improved in this by DJI's latest technology. DJI stated that the current spraying effect is twice that of T20.

The DJI T30's spreading system weighs 30 kg and can be spread in a variety of situations, such as fertilizers, seeds and feed. T30's silo also adds a load cell to detect residual materials in real time.

T30 is designed to be suitable for pickup truck loading. Compared with the previous generation product, the folded volume is reduced by 80%. In addition to stronger diffusion capabilities, the reliability of the aircraft itself has also been improved, the protection level reaches IP67 level, the core original has three layers of protection, sandstorms and rain are not a problem.

In the field of drones, DJI has created a 360-degree omnidirectional radar. The spherical omnidirectional radar equipped with T30 adds an upper viewing angle, which can identify obstacles in all directions and even weather conditions, thereby automatically avoiding obstacles. During operation, the remote control can realize stable image transmission of 5 kilometers, and the communication distance has been increased by 67%. The standard RTK positioning module can still realize the control of multiple devices.

The battery on the T30 can achieve 1,000 internal cycles. Under DJI's innovative "battery depletion drug" design, unmanned pilots only need two batteries to meet their electricity needs for a day. In order to better charge, DJI also introduced a fuel generator. The generator can quickly charge the battery with 7200W of power and can also provide support for other equipment.

At the press conference on November 9, DJI also released the T10 micro drone, which is positioned as "the first plant protection drone for new farmers."

Motorcycles equipped with DJI T10 drones directly participated in the press conference.

Obviously, the design of this drone can also meet market demand. Chen Tao said: "We found that China's southern provinces have a wide range of small and high-frequency businesses. DJI's innovatively designed small plant protection drone T10 can be pulled away with a motorcycle." "I think this is irresponsible. In leisure. Season. Drone pilots can still run and earn double income."

T10 is equipped with a 10-liter volume working box, four standard pressure nozzles, and the spray width can reach 5.5 meters. The measured field operation efficiency can reach 100 mu per hour. On the other hand, it retains many configurations of T30: standard RTK (real-time dynamic differential positioning), front and rear dual FPV cameras, spherical radar system, etc. Due to its relatively low cost, DJI hopes to miniaturize it. Plant protection drones will bring more options for pilots to develop their own businesses.

T30 and T10 drones need to use a complete set of equipment for field operations. Compared with previous generations of products, the price of DJI on TJI has not increased:
Compared with the previous generation T20 plant protection drone, the hourly operating efficiency of the T30 has increased from 180 acres to 240 acres, and the operating battery cost per acre is 0.22 yuan, while the T16 is 0.63 yuan and the T16 is 0.33 yuan. T20.

The miniaturized T10 drone is relatively cheap:

Users who purchase this care plan can get many warranties. Among the users who repaired DJI plant protection drones this year, 95% did not spend any money. DJI stated that it is raising the industry threshold and lowering the industry threshold. DJI Innovation has improved the level of the agricultural drone industry. For users, the cost and ease of use of the aircraft have been greatly reduced.

The software that matches the drone is now easier to use. Now, you can open the DJI Smart Agriculture Cloud Platform on your phone. In addition to conventional automatic route planning, the algorithm can also automatically identify bad areas in farmland, automatically generate diagnoses and plan drones for targeted fertilization. After implementing a precise spreading program, the fertilizer will only be spread where it needs to be spread. Each thousand mu of arable land can save 10% of chemical fertilizers, about 16,000 yuan; increase the output value by 10%, about 130,000 yuan.

With the continuous communication between DJI, agricultural research institutions and many users, new application scenarios are constantly being developed, and drone solutions can take on more types of tasks. Currently, DJI Cloud Platform is a free tool. DJI hopes that by allowing more people to use the cloud platform, applications can be implemented in more scenarios, and in the next two to three years, various automation technologies will become common products.

"In the plant protection drone market, we are now seeing changes in user attributes. Now, most of the original service types are more and more self-use types. If some people own tens of acres of land, they will choose to buy non-users Chen Tao introduced: "Man and machine, learn and use by yourself. The current plant protection drones can cover not only rice and wheat, but also a variety of crops. "

In the imagination of DJI engineers, the future of smart agriculture should be like this: farmers only need to use mobile phones to guide various agricultural machinery to work automatically at home, and they only need to use mobile applications to control various operating nodes. The machine completes tasks automatically as if it were in the control center. Among them, smart machines and systems can come from different manufacturers.

Mobile phones control the work of drones. DJI can do this now. It needs more extensive intelligence to solve cost and adaptation issues.

In April 2019, the T16 plant protection drone launched by DJI launched the "fruit tree model" for the first time, which was widely welcomed by people. In 2020 alone, the total domestic sales of DJI plant protection drones will exceed 40,000, while the country's total is 75,000. The operating area of ​​these drones reaches 500 million mu. In Heilongjiang, the operating area of ​​DJI drones accounts for 60% of the total area. According to public data on agricultural drone subsidies in various provinces, DJI plant protection drones account for about 60% of the domestic market.

Despite being affected by the global epidemic this year, DJI drones have also achieved a high growth rate of 100% in overseas markets.

Using drones to spray, fertilize, and even plant pesticides can not only greatly save manpower, but also reduce pesticide consumption. Smart directional spray can more specifically improve the growth of crops and bring higher yields. According to some studies, drones can save 30% of pesticides and water compared with the traditional uniform spraying mode of the entire work area.

According to estimates by the Institute of Plant Protection of the Academy of Agricultural Sciences, about 30% of domestic arable land is suitable for drone operations, while the current coverage rate of drones is only 10%. In the future, DJI Agriculture can still do many things.

Xie Tian, ​​Senior Director of DJI Innovation, said: "Behind the smart agriculture platform must be people. We hope that more young people can start their own businesses and give them more abilities. "As the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Affairs Han Changfu once said: Farmers are not an identity, but a profession. A series of technology companies investing in agriculture can make this profession more solemn."

In DJI Agriculture, engineers hope that through advanced technologies such as AI, farmers in the future can become "agricultural managers": through smart technology, everyone can become a small agricultural enterprise and propose solutions for land and crops. , Use smart devices to complete work, and finally sales and output channels.

This day seems not far away.
